Improve the API documentation and markdown files (#172)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-crypto: crypto-ballerina/Package.md

## Package Overview

> The Crypto library is one of the standard library modules of the [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `crypto` library is one of the standard library modules of the [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) language.
```

> The Ballerina Crypto module facilitates APIs to do operations like hashing, HMAC generation, checksum generation, encryption, decryption, digitally signing data and verifying digitally signed data, etc. with different cryptographic algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina `crypto` module facilitates APIs to perform operations like hashing, HMAC generation, checksum generation, encryption, decryption, signing data digitally, verifying digitally signed data, etc., with different cryptographic algorithms.
```

## Package Overview

The Crypto library is one of the standard library modules of the [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) language.

> The Ballerina Crypto module facilitates APIs to do operations like hashing, HMAC generation, checksum generation, encryption, decryption, digitally signing data and verifying digitally signed data etc. with different cryptographic algorithms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ballerina Crypto module facilitates APIs to do operations like hashing, HMAC generation, checksum generation, encryption, decryption, digitally signing data and verifying digitally signed data, etc. with different cryptographic algorithms.
```

## Package Overview

The Crypto library is one of the standard library modules of the [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) language.

The Ballerina Crypto module facilitates APIs to do operations like hashing, HMAC generation, checksum generation, encryption, decryption, digitally signing data and verifying digitally signed data etc. with different cryptographic algorithms.

> For more information go to [The Crypto Module](https://docs.central.ballerina.io/ballerina/crypto/latest).

Reviewer 3: Shall we remove the API doc link from Package.MD

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-crypto/pull/172/commits/0c61412e2f212771b1e88a6271356c7d89ff2d03
